doc: matter: update existing docs for Wi-Fi (#14)
kkasperczyk-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_configuring.rst

When you build any of the available Matter samples to the supported development kits, you automatically build the Matter stack for the nRF Connect platform.
The development kit and the application running Matter stack that is programmed on the development kit together form the Matter accessory device.

> Currently, the |NCS| only supports Matter stack that is built on top of a low-power, 802.15.4-compatible Thread network and over the Wi-Fi network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |NCS| supports Matter stack that is built on top of a low-power, 802.15.4-compatible Thread network, or over the Wi-Fi network.
```
We now support 2 out of 3 networking technologies covered by Matter, so we no longer need to be shy and say "only" :)

To commission and control the Matter accessory device remotely over either of these networks, you need to set up a Matter controller on a mobile or a PC.
Matter controller is a role within the Matter environment.
This controller interacts with the accessory devices using the following protocols:

* Bluetooth® LE during the commissioning process - to securely pass the network credentials and provision the accessory device into the Thread network.

> * Regular IPv6 communication after the accessory device joins the IPv6 network - to interact with each other by exchanging application messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Regular IPv6 communication after the accessory device joins the Thread or WiFi network - to interact with each other by exchanging application messages.
```

   Protocol types and controllers used by Matter

Matter development environment depends on the following criteria:

* Network type:

  * To enable the IPv6 communication with the Matter accessory device over the Thread network, the Matter controller requires the Thread Border Router.
    This is because the Matter controller types described on this page do not have an 802.15.4 Thread interface.
    The Border Router bridges the Thread network with the network interface of the controller, for example Wi-Fi.
    Watch the following video for an overview of the Matter over Thread setup.

    .. raw:: html

       <div style="text-align: center;">
       <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/XWWJYraNZPs" title="Matter development environment video overview" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
       </div>

  * To enable the IPv6 communication with the Matter accessory device over the Wi-Fi network, you need a Wi-Fi Access Point, for example a Wi-Fi router, so that the Matter controller can interact with any Wi-Fi device directly.

> * Matter controller setup:

Reviewer: The entire choice is for Matter over Thread only. In Wifi you don't have the presented choice (to run it on TBR or separate device). Using the word `separate` alone without telling `from what` seems confusing to me.

   Protocol types and controllers used by Matter

Matter development environment depends on the following criteria:

* Network type:

  * To enable the IPv6 communication with the Matter accessory device over the Thread network, the Matter controller requires the Thread Border Router.
    This is because the Matter controller types described on this page do not have an 802.15.4 Thread interface.
    The Border Router bridges the Thread network with the network interface of the controller, for example Wi-Fi.

>     Watch the following video for an uoverview of the Matter over Thread setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Watch the following video for an overview of the Matter over Thread setup.
```

>     Watch the following video for an uoverview of the Matter over Thread setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Watch the following video for an overview of the Matter over Thread setup.
```

    .. raw:: html

       <div style="text-align: center;">
       <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/XWWJYraNZPs" title="Matter development environment video overview" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
       </div>

>   * To enable the IPv6 communication with the Matter accessory device over the Wi-Fi network, no additional configuration is required, because the Matter controller can interact with any Wi-Fi device directly and no additional bridging is needed.

Reviewer 2: Well the access point is needed to be clear, and Matter controller and a node must be in the same network

* Matter controller setup:

>   * You can run it on the same device as the Thread Border Router or Wi-Fi device.

Reviewer 3: What is the Wi-Fi device in this setup? The Matter over Wi-Fi accessory? If so I would not say it's true, as those rather should be separate devices.

>   * You can run it on the same device as the Thread Border Router or Wi-Fi device.

Reviewer: We do not describe any setup where the controller is run on the Wi-Fi device, do we?

Author: Now we do!
